Update Implementation section of DG (#314)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F14a-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**Tips:** All the prerequisites below will be fulfilled if you start off with the default sample data and follow the test cases in sequence.

1. Adding a unique customer with all parameters specified.

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `John Doe` or other similar names does not already exist in the address book.

    2. Test case: `addcustomer n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/friends t/owesMoney`<br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added. Details of the added customer shown in the status message.

2. Adding a unique customer with all parameters specified using the command alias.

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` or other similar names does not already exist in the address book.
   
    2. Test case: `addc n/Betsy Crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@example.com a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added. Details of the added customer shown in the status message.
   

> 3. Adding a customer with exact same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Adding a customer with an identical name.
```

>    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` already exist in the address book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` already exists in the address book.
```

4. Adding a customer with a [similar name](#similar) and without the optional `tag` field.

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` but not `Betsy crowe` already exist in the address book.

    2. Test case: `addcustomer n/Betsy crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@example.com a/Newgate Prison p/1234567` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added. A warning and details of the added customer shown in the status message.

5. Adding a customer with duplicate tags.

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Yu Sutong` or other similar name does not already exist in the address book.

    2. Test case: `addcustomer n/Yu Sutong t/vvip t/vvip e/su@example.com a/Newgate Prison p/12345678` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added with one of the duplicated tag ignored. Details of the added customer shown in the status message.

6. Adding a customer with [similar tags](#similar).

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Foo Chao` or other similar name does not already exist in the address book.

    2. Test case: `addcustomer n/Foo Chao t/VVIP t/vvip e/su@example.com a/69, Sembawang Road. #01-01  p/12345678` <br>

>        Expected: The customer is successfully added with both similar tags.A warning and details of the added customer shown in the status message.

Author: missing space after tags

7. Adding a customer with missing compulsory field.

   1. Test case: `addcustomer n/Lim Kai Xuan e/su@example.com a/69, Sembawang Road. #01-01` <br>
      Expected: No customer is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

   2. Test case: `addcustomer n/Lim Kai Xuan e/su@example.com p/12345678` <br>
      Expected: No customer is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Listing all customers

1. Listing all customers with or without aliasing.

    1. Test case: `listcustomer` <br>
       Expected: All customers are listed. A success message shown in the status message.

    2. Test case: `listc` <br>
       Expected: All customers are listed. A success message shown in the status message.

> ### Finding customers by name.

Reviewer: Consider adding case where finding customer that does not exist is reflected in status bar and customer list.

       - If you are using the default sample data, the customer `Bernice Yu` will be listed in the customer list.
       
2. Finding customers with multiple keywords using the command alias.

    1. Test case: `findc alex david` <br>
       Expected:
       - All customers with `alex` or `david` in their names are listed. A success message shown in the status message.
       - If you are using the default sample data, the customer `Alex Yeo` and `David Li` will be listed in the customer list.
   
### Editing an existing customer

1. Editing a customer while all customers are being shown.

    1. Prerequisites: All customers are listed using the `listcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully edited. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message.

2. Editing a customer in a filtered list using the command alias.

    1. Prerequisites: Customers filtered using `findcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.
       Example: `findcustomer john`

    2. Test case: `editc 1 n/Betsy Crower t/` <br>

>        Expected: The customer is successfully edited with all tags removed. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message. The displayed customer list got unfiltered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Expected: The customer is successfully edited with all tags removed. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message. The displayed customer list becomes unfiltered and all customers are displayed.
```

    2. Test case: `editc 1 n/Betsy Crower t/` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully edited with all tags removed. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message. The displayed customer list got unfiltered.

3. Editing a customer to an exact same name as an existing customer.

    1. Prerequisites:
       - Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` already exist in the address book.
       - At least 1 customer is listed.
       - The customer to be edited is not `Betsy Crowe`.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 n/Betsy Crowe` <br>
       Expected: No customer is edited. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

> 4. Editing a customer to a [similar name](#similar) as an existing customer.

Author: is this wrong? can someone check for me?

    1. Prerequisites:
        - Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` but not `betsy crowe` already exist in the address book.
        - At least 1 customer is listed.
        - The customer to be edited is not `Betsy Crowe`.
    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 n/betsy crowe` <br>

>        Expected: The customer is successfully edit. A warning and details of the edited customer shown in the status message.

Author: edited

5. Editing a customer to have duplicate tags.

    1. Prerequisites: At least one customer is listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 t/friends t/friends` <br>

>        Expected: The customer's tag is successfully edited with one of the duplicated tag ignored. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message.

Author: tags

6. Editing a customer to have [similar tags](#similar).

    1. Prerequisites: At least one customer is listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 t/Friends t/friends` <br>

>        Expected: The customer is successfully edited with both similar tags.A warning and details of the added customer shown in the status message.

Author: missing space

    1. Prerequisites: At least one customer is listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 n/@#$%` <br>

    3. Expected: No customer is edited. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.
   
### Deleting a customer

1. Deleting a customer while all customers are being shown.

   1. Prerequisites: List all customers using the `listcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.

   2. Test case: `deletecustomer 1`<br>
      Expected: First customer is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message.

   3. Test case: `deletecustomer 0`<br>
      Expected: No customer is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

   4. Other incorrect `deletecustomer` commands to try: `deletecustomer`, `deletecustomer x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Deleting a customer from a filtered customer list using command aliases.

    1. Prerequisites: Prerequisites: Customers filtered using `findcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.
       Example: `findcustomer john`

    2. Test case: `deletec 1`<br>

>        Expected: First customer is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message.

Author: deleted customer

    3. Test case: `deletec 0`<br>
       Expected: No customer is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Adding an order

> **Note:** Some of the test cases may depend on previous test cases, especially those on testing customers with duplicate/similar names. You are advised to follow the test cases in order. <br>

Author: testing order

1. Adding a unique order with all parameters specified while all customers is being shown.

>     1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list. No duplicate/similar order under the first customer.

Author: list all customer with listcustomer

    2. Test case: `addorder 1 i/Lamp d/20-11-2024 q/3`<br>

>        Expected: The order is successfully added. Details of the added order shown in the status message. Customer's order listed in the order list.

Author: All customer's orders

2. Adding a unique order with optional field omitted using command aliases when the customer list is filtered.

    1. Prerequisites: Prerequisites: Customers filtered using `findcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.
       Example: `findcustomer bernice`

    2. Test case: `addo 1 i/Books d/02-03-2026` <br>

>        Expected: The order is successfully added. Details of the added order shown in the status message. Customer's order listed in the order list.

Author: ^

Author: All orders associated with the customer are shown in the order list

3. Adding an order with missing compulsory field(s).

    1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list.

    2. Test case: `addorder 1 i/books` <br>

    3. Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Test case: `addo 1 q/100` <br>

    5. Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

4. Adding a [similar order](#similar).

    1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list. No order similar to the order to be added under the first customer.

    2. Test case: `addo 1 i/books d/02-03-2026` <br>

>        Expected: The order is successfully added.A warning and details of the added order shown in the status message. Customer's order listed in the order list.

Author: space

5. Adding an order with delivery date elapsed.

    1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list. No order similar to order to be added under the first customer.

    2. Test case: `addo 1 i/phone d/02-03-2020` <br>

>        Expected: The order is successfully added.A warning and details of the added order shown in the status message. Customer's order listed in the order list.

Author: missing space

   
### Listing all orders under a customer.

1. Listing all orders with or without aliases.

    1. Prerequisites: At least 2 customers and at most 99 customers is displayed in the customer list.
   
    2. Test case: `listorder 1` <br>
       Expected: All orders under the first customer are listed. A success message shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `listo 2` <br>
       Expected: All orders under the second customer are listed. A success message shown in the status message.
   
    4. Test case: `listo 100` <br>
       Expected: No change to the order list. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Filter orders by status.

1. Filtering order list to display all `pending` orders.
    1. Prerequisites: 
        - All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder` command with at least 1 order listed.
        - Example `listorder 1`.

    2. Test case: `filterorder pending` <br>

>        Expected: Only pending orders remains in the order list. A success message shown in the status message.

Author: remain

2. Filtering order list to display all `completed` orders. using command aliases.
    1. Prerequisites:
        - All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder` command with at least 1 order listed.
        - Example `listorder 1`.
       
    2. Test case: `filterorder completed` <br>

>        Expected: Only completed orders remains in the order list. A success message shown in the status message.

Author: remain

    1. Prerequisites: All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>
       Example: `listorder 1`

    2. Test case: `editorder 1 i/Light bulb d/21-11-2025` <br>
       Expected: The order is successfully edited. Details of the edited order shown in the status message.

2. Editing an order in a filtered order list using command aliases.

    1. Prerequisites: Orders filtered using `filterorder` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>
       Example: `filterorder pending`

    2. Test case: `edito 2 q/22` <br>
       Expected: The order is successfully edited. Details of the edited order shown in the status message.

3. Editing an order to a [similar order](#similar).

    1. Prerequisites:
        - All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder 1` command with at least 1 order listed.
        - The first order must be `pending` status.

    2. Adding the similar order: `addo 1 i/test d/21-11-2025 q/1`

    3. Test case: `edito 1 i/test d/21-11-2025 q/1` <br>
       Expected: The order is successfully edit. A warning and details of the edited order shown in the status message.

> 4. Editing a customer with invalid inputs.

Author: an order

    1. Prerequisites: At least one order is listed.

    2. Test case: `editorder 1 q/1 2` <br>

    3. Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Deleting an order

1. Deleting an order while all orders under a customer are being shown.

>     1. Prerequisites: List all customers using the `listorder 1` command with at least 1 order listed.

Author: orders

    2. Test case: `deleteorder 1`<br>

>        Expected: First order is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message.

Author: deleted order

    3. Test case: `deleteorder 0`<br>
       Expected: No customer is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Other incorrect `deleteorder` commands to try: `deleteorder`, `deleteorder x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Deleting an order from a filtered list using command aliases.

    1. Prerequisites: Prerequisites: Orders filtered using `filterorder` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>
       Example: `filterorder pending`

    2. Test case: `deleteo 1`<br>

>        Expected: First order is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message.

Author: deleted order

        - The first order's status is not `pending`.

    2. Test case: `unmarkorder 1`<br>
       Expected: First order is reverted to pending status. Details of the unmarked order shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `unmarkorder 0`<br>
       Expected: No order is reverted to pending status. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Other incorrect `unmarkorder` commands to try: `unmarkorder`, `unmarkorder x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Reverting an order from a filtered list to pending status using command aliases.

    1. Prerequisites:
        - Prerequisites: Orders filtered using `filterorder completed` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>

    2. Test case: `unmarko 1`<br>
       Expected: First order is reverted to pending status. Details of the unmarked order shown in the status message. The unmarked order will disappear from the filtered order list as it is no longer `completed`.

    3. Test case: `unmarko 0`<br>
       Expected: No order is reverted to pending status. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

> 3. Reverting an order which is already pending to pending.

Author: someone help check this phrasing?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Reverting an order back to `Pending` status.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Attempting to revert a order which currently pending.
```

    1. Prerequisites:
        - At least 1 order listed. <br>
        - The first order's status is `Pending`.

    2. Test case: `unmarko 1`<br>
       Expected: No order is reverted to pending status. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Saving data

1. Dealing with missing/corrupted data files

>     1. Prerequisite: You have not edited the `preferences.json` file. There is a folder named `data` in the same directory as the jar file, and there is a `addresbook.json` file in the `data` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisite: You have not edited the `preferences.json` file. There is a folder named `data` in the same directory as the jar file, and there is a `addressbook.json` file in the `data` folder.
```

    2. Test case: Delete the `addresbook.json` file, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command.<br>
       Expected: SellSavvy should create a new `addresbook.json` file with default data.

    3. Test case: Delete the `data` folder together with the `addresbook.json` file, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command.<br>
       Expected: SellSavvy should create a new `data` folder and a new `addresbook.json` file inside the folder with default data.

>     4. Test case: Corrupt the `addressbook.json` file by changing its contents to an invalid format, e.g., add a non-numeric character to one of the customer's phone number, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command. 

Author: <br>

       Expected: SellSavvy should discard all data in the file and start with an `addressbook.json` file with an empty person list.

## **Appendix: Planned Enhancements**

**Team size: 4**

> 1. **Change the `CUSTOMER_INDEX` of `addorder` command to be optional when a customer's order list is open** <br>

Author: order list is displayed

>     4. Test case: Corrupt the `addressbook.json` file by changing its contents to an invalid format, e.g., add a non-numeric character to one of the customer's phone number. Then, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command.<br>

Reviewer: Not sure if "corrupt" is the right word here, but small nitpick negligible effect.

>        Expected: SellSavvy should discard all data in the file and start with an `addressbook.json` file with an empty person list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Expected: SellSavvy should discard all data in the file and start with an `addressbook.json` file with an empty customer list.
```

>     - **Problem:** Currently, we made the customer's index needed to be specified for `addorder` when the customer's order list is open but related commands like `editorder` and `filterorder` do not require a customer's index to be supplied.

Author: displayed

    - **Solution:** We planned to make the customer's index for `addorder` optional when a particular customer's order list is already displayed.

>     - **Rationale:** User to remember the customer's index which seems unnecessary.

Author: User need to...

>     - **Rationale:** Requiring the user to remember the customer's index seems unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Rationale:** Requiring the user to remember the customer's index may be unnecessary and would facilitate user convenience.
```

2. **Allows detection of wrong prefix for commands**

>     - **Problem:** Currently, we only detect the relevant prefix for each command and treat every other prefix as part of the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Problem:** Currently, we only detect the relevant prefix for each command and treat all other irrelevant prefixes as part of a parameter input.
```

    - **Example:** User tries to edit an existing order using `edito 1 d/01-12-2023 n/item`. An error message informs user that date is wrong.

>     - **Solution:** Add the functionality to detect such errors and inform the user of the wrong prefix used instead of treating it as part of the parameters while allowing users to key in prefix such as `n/` or `a/` via the use of special symbols such as `\`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Solution:** Add the functionality to detect such errors and inform the user of the wrong prefix used, instead of treating it as part of the parameters. We also considered allowing users to key in prefixes such as `n/` or `a/` as string inputs via the use of special symbols, possibly using a symbol such as `\`.
```

>     - **Rationale:** Keying in a wrong prefix is a fairly common user mistake and the existing error message does not seem to match the actual error happening. Detecting prefix may restrict the users from typing inputs with prefix such as `n/` or `a/` hence we will need to add the functionality to do it as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Rationale:** Keying in a wrong prefix is a fairly common user mistake and the existing error message does not seem to match the actual error happening. Detecting prefix may restrict users from typing inputs with prefix such as `n/` or `a/` as parameter string inputs, hence we will need to add the functionality to do it as well.
```

   1.  Re-launch the app by double-clicking the jar file.<br>
       Expected: The newest order added is retained.

### Adding a customer

**Note:** Some of the test cases may depend on previous test cases, especially those on testing customers with duplicate/similar names. You are advised to follow the test cases in order. <br> 

**Tips:** All the prerequisites below will be fulfilled if you start off with the default sample data and follow the test cases in sequence.

1. Adding a unique customer with all parameters specified.

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `John Doe` or other similar name does not already exist in the address book.

    2. Test case: `addcustomer n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/311, Clementi Ave 2, #02-25 t/friends t/owesMoney`<br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added. Details of the added customer shown in the status message.

> 2. Adding a unique customer with all parameters specified using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Adding a unique customer with all parameters specified using the command alias.
```
The command only has one alias.

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` or other similar name does not already exist in the address book.
   
    2. Test case: `addc n/Betsy Crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@example.com a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added. Details of the added customer shown in the status message.
   
3. Adding a customer with exact same name.

   1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` already exist in the address book.

   2. Test case: `addcustomer n/Betsy Crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@duplicate.com a/Newgate Prison p/12345678 t/criminal` <br>
      Expected: No customer is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

4. Adding a customer with a [similar name](#similar) and without the optional `tag` field.

>     1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` but not `Betsy crowe` already exist in the address book.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: Customer with a name containing `Betsy Crowe` but not `Betsy Crowe` already exist in the address book.
```

Reviewer 2: This is wrong btw, the `Betsy crowe` is correct

Author: LOL. What a savage

    2. Test case: `addcustomer n/Yu Sutong t/vvip t/vvip e/su@example.com a/Newgate Prison p/12345678` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added with one of the duplicated tags ignored. Details of the added customer shown in the status message.

6. Adding a customer with [similar tags](#similar).

    1. Prerequisites: Customer with name `Foo Chao` or other similar name does not already exist in the address book.

    2. Test case: `addcustomer n/Foo Chao t/VVIP t/vvip e/su@example.com a/69, Sembawang Road. #01-01  p/12345678` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully added with both similar tags accepted. A warning and details of the added customer shown in the status message.

7. Adding a customer with missing compulsory field.

   1. Test case: `addcustomer n/Lim Kai Xuan e/su@example.com a/69, Sembawang Road. #01-01` <br>
   
   2. Expected: No customer is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

   3. Test case: `addcustomer n/Lim Kai Xuan e/su@example.com p/12345678` <br>

   4. Expected: No customer is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Listing all customers

> 1. Listing all customers with or without aliases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Listing all customers with or without aliasing.
```

Reviewer 3: And many other places that uses aliases instead of aliasing.

    1. Test case: `listcustomer` <br>
       Expected: All customers are listed. A success message shown in the status message.

    2. Test case: `listc` <br>
       Expected: All customers are listed. A success message shown in the status message.

### Finding customers by name.

1. Finding customers with one keyword.

    1. Test case: `findcustomer bernice` <br>
       Expected: 
       - All customers with 'bernice' in their names are listed. A success message shown in the status message.
       - If you are using the default sample data, the customer `Bernice Yu` will be listed in the customer list.
       

> 2. Finding customers with multiple keywords using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Finding customers with multiple keywords using the command alias.
```

    1. Test case: `findc alex david` <br>
       Expected:
       - All customers with `alex` or `david` in their names are listed. A success message shown in the status message.
       - If you are using the default sample data, the customer `Alex Yeo` and `David Li` will be listed in the customer list.
   
### Editing an existing customer

1. Editing a customer while all customers are being shown.

    1. Prerequisites: All customers are listed using the `listcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully edited. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message.

> 2. Editing a customer in a filtered list using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Editing a customer in a filtered list using the command alias.
```

    1. Prerequisites: Customers filtered using `findcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.
       Example: `findcustomer john`

    2. Test case: `editc 1 n/Betsy Crower t/` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully edited with all tags removed. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message. The displayed customer list got unfiltered.

3. Editing a customer to an exact same name as an existing customer.

    1. Prerequisites:
       - Customer with name `Betsy Crowe` already exist in the address book.
       - At least 1 customer is listed.
       - The customer to be edited is not `Betsy Crowe`.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 n/Betsy Crowe` <br>
       Expected: No customer is edited. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

> 4. Editing a customer to a [name similar to an existing customer](#similar).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Editing a customer to have a [name similar to an existing customer](#similar).
```

5. Editing a customer to have duplicate tags.

    1. Prerequisites: At least one customer is listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 t/friends t/friends` <br>
       Expected: The customer's tags is successfully edited with one of the duplicated tags ignored. Details of the edited customer shown in the status message.

6. Editing a customer to have [similar tags](#similar).

    1. Prerequisites: At least one customer is listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 t/Friends t/friends` <br>
       Expected: The customer is successfully edited with both similar tags accepted. A warning and details of the added customer shown in the status message.

7. Editing a customer with invalid inputs.
    1. Prerequisites: At least one customer is listed.

    2. Test case: `editcustomer 1 n/@#$%` <br>

    3. Expected: No customer is edited. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.
   
### Deleting a customer

1. Deleting a customer while all customers are being shown.

   1. Prerequisites: List all customers using the `listcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.

   2. Test case: `deletecustomer 1`<br>

>       Expected: First customer is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message.

Reviewer 3: How about the order list of the customer.

   3. Test case: `deletecustomer 0`<br>
      Expected: No customer is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

   4. Other incorrect `deletecustomer` commands to try: `deletecustomer`, `deletecustomer x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

> 2. Deleting a customer from a filtered customer list using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Deleting a customer from a filtered customer list using the command alias.
```

    1. Prerequisites: Prerequisites: Customers filtered using `findcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.
       Example: `findcustomer john`

    2. Test case: `deletec 1`<br>
       Expected: First customer is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted customer shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `deletec 0`<br>
       Expected: No customer is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Adding an order

**Note:** Some of the test cases may depend on previous test cases, especially those on testing orders with duplicate/similar names. You are advised to follow the test cases in order. <br>

1. Adding a unique order with all parameters specified while all customers is being shown.

    1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list.
        - All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder 1` command with at least 1 order listed.

>         - No order similar to the order to be added under the first customer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - There are no orders similar to the order to be added under the first customer.
```

    2. Test case: `addorder 1 i/Lamp d/20-11-2024 q/3`<br>
       Expected: The order is successfully added. Details of the added order shown in the status message. All orders associated with the customer are shown in the order list.

> 2. Adding a unique order with optional field omitted using command aliases when the customer list is filtered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Adding a unique order with optional field omitted using the command alias when the customer list is filtered.
```

    1. Prerequisites: Prerequisites: Customers filtered using `findcustomer` command with at least 1 customer listed.
       Example: `findcustomer bernice`

    2. Test case: `addo 1 i/Books d/02-03-2026` <br>

>        Expected: The order is successfully added. Details of the added order shown in the status message. All orders associated with the customer are shown in the order list

Reviewer 2: Maybe can mention that the quantity is set to 1 here?

3. Adding an order with missing compulsory field(s).

    1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list.

    2. Test case: `addorder 1 i/books` <br>

    3. Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Test case: `addo 1 q/100` <br>

    5. Expected: No order is added. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

4. Adding a [similar order](#similar).

>     1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list. No order similar to the order to be added under the first customer.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't there be an order similar to the order to be added?

>     1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list. Order similar to the order to be added under the first customer.

Reviewer 2: Can change to this just in case people nitpick?
```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: At least 1 customer is displayed in the customer list. 
    2. There is an existing order similar to the order to be added under the first customer.
```

   
### Listing all orders under a customer.

1. Listing all orders with or without aliases.

    1. Prerequisites: At least 2 customers and at most 99 customers is displayed in the customer list.
   
    2. Test case: `listorder 1` <br>
       Expected: All orders under the first customer are listed. A success message shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `listo 2` <br>
       Expected: All orders under the second customer are listed. A success message shown in the status message.
   
    4. Test case: `listo 100` <br>
       Expected: No change to the order list. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Filter orders by status.

1. Filtering order list to display all `pending` orders.
    1. Prerequisites: 
        - All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder` command with at least 1 order listed.
        - Example `listorder 1`.

    2. Test case: `filterorder pending` <br>
       Expected: Only pending orders remain in the order list. A success message shown in the status message.

> 2. Filtering order list to display all `completed` orders. using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Filtering order list to display all `completed` orders. using the command alias.
```

    1. Prerequisites:
        - All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder` command with at least 1 order listed.
        - Example `listorder 1`.
       
    2. Test case: `filterorder completed` <br>
       Expected: Only completed orders remain in the order list. A success message shown in the status message.

### Editing an existing order

1. Editing an order while all orders under a customer are being shown.

    1. Prerequisites: All orders under a customer are listed using the `listorder` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>
       Example: `listorder 1`

    2. Test case: `editorder 1 i/Light bulb d/21-11-2025` <br>
       Expected: The order is successfully edited. Details of the edited order shown in the status message.

> 2. Editing an order in a filtered order list using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Editing an order in a filtered order list using the command alias.
```

    2. Adding the similar order: `addo 1 i/test d/21-11-2025 q/1`

    3. Test case: `edito 1 i/test d/21-11-2025 q/1` <br>
       Expected: The order is successfully edit. A warning and details of the edited order shown in the status message.

4. Editing an order with invalid inputs.
    1. Prerequisites: At least one order is listed.

    2. Test case: `editorder 1 q/1 2` <br>

    3. Expected: No order is edited. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Deleting an order

1. Deleting an order while all orders under a customer are being shown.

    1. Prerequisites: List all orders using the `listorder 1` command with at least 1 order listed.

    2. Test case: `deleteorder 1`<br>
       Expected: First order is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted order shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `deleteorder 0`<br>
       Expected: No customer is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Other incorrect `deleteorder` commands to try: `deleteorder`, `deleteorder x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

> 2. Deleting an order from a filtered list using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Deleting an order from a filtered list using the command alias.
```

>     1. Prerequisites: Prerequisites: Orders filtered using `filterorder` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: Orders filtered using `filterorder` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>
```

       Example: `filterorder pending`

    2. Test case: `deleteo 1`<br>
       Expected: First order is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted order shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `deleteo 0`<br>
       Expected: No order is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Marking an order as completed

1. Marking an order as completed while all orders under a customer are being shown.

    1. Prerequisites:
       - List all customers using the `listorder 1` command with at least 1 order listed.

>        - The first order's status is not `completed`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       - The first order's status is not `Completed`.
```

    2. Test case: `markorder 1`<br>
       Expected: First order is marked as completed. Details of the marked order shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `markorder 0`<br>
       Expected: No order is marked as completed. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Other incorrect `markorder` commands to try: `markorder`, `markorder x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

> 2. Marking an order from a filtered list as completed using command aliases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Marking an order from a filtered list as completed using the command alias.
```

   1. Prerequisites:

>        - Prerequisites: Orders filtered using `filterorder pending` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       - Orders filtered using `filterorder pending` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>
```

   2. Test case: `marko 1`<br>

>       Expected: First order is marked as completed. Details of the marked order shown in the status message. The marked order will disappear from the filtered order list as it is no longer `pending`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Expected: First order is marked as completed. Details of the marked order shown in the status message. The marked order will disappear from the filtered order list as it is no longer `Pending`.
```

   3. Test case: `marko 0`<br>
      Expected: No order is marked as completed. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.
   
3. Marking an already completed order as completed.

    1. Prerequisites:

>         - Prerequisites: At least 1 order listed. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - At least 1 order listed. <br>
```

>         - The first order's status is `completed`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - The first order's status is `Completed`.
```

    2. Test case: `marko 1`<br>
       Expected: No order is marked as completed. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

> ### Reverts an order to pending status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reverting an order to pending status.
```
Imperative for consistency

1. Reverting an order to pending status while all orders under a customer are being shown.

    1. Prerequisites:
        - List all customers using the `listorder 1` command with at least 1 order listed.

>         - The first order's status is not `pending`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - The first order's status is not `Pending`.
```

       Expected: First order is reverted to pending status. Details of the unmarked order shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `unmarkorder 0`<br>
       Expected: No order is reverted to pending status. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Other incorrect `unmarkorder` commands to try: `unmarkorder`, `unmarkorder x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Reverting an order from a filtered list to pending status using command aliases.

    1. Prerequisites:
        - Prerequisites: Orders filtered using `filterorder completed` command with at least 1 order listed. <br>

    2. Test case: `unmarko 1`<br>
       Expected: First order is reverted to pending status. Details of the unmarked order shown in the status message. The unmarked order will disappear from the filtered order list as it is no longer `completed`.

    3. Test case: `unmarko 0`<br>
       Expected: No order is reverted to pending status. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

3. Reverting an order which is already pending to pending.

    1. Prerequisites:

>         - Prerequisites: At least 1 order listed. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - At least 1 order listed. <br>
```

>         - The first order's status is `pending`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - The first order's status is `Pending`.
```

    2. Test case: `unmarko 1`<br>
       Expected: No order is reverted to pending status. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

### Saving data

1. Dealing with missing/corrupted data files

    1. Prerequisite: You have not edited the `preferences.json` file. There is a folder named `data` in the same directory as the jar file, and there is a `addresbook.json` file in the `data` folder.

>     2. Test case: Delete the `addresbook.json` file. Then, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    2. Test case: Delete the `addressbook.json` file. Then, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command.<br>
```

>        Expected: SellSavvy should create a new `addresbook.json` file with default data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       Expected: SellSavvy should create a new `addressbook.json` file with default data.
```

>     3. Test case: Delete the `data` folder together with the `addresbook.json` file. Then, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    3. Test case: Delete the `data` folder together with the `addressbook.json` file. Then, run SellSavvy and exit using the `exit` command.<br>
```

>        Expected: SellSavvy should create a new `data` folder and a new `addresbook.json` file inside the folder with default data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       Expected: SellSavvy should create a new `data` folder and a new `addressbook.json` file inside the folder with default data.
```

       Expected: SellSavvy should discard all data in the file and start with an `addressbook.json` file with an empty person list.

## **Appendix: Planned Enhancements**

**Team size: 4**

1. **Change the `CUSTOMER_INDEX` of `addorder` command to be optional when a customer's order list is open** <br>
    - **Problem:** Currently, we made the customer's index needed to be specified for `addorder` when the customer's order list is open but related commands like `editorder` and `filterorder` do not require a customer's index to be supplied.
    - **Solution:** We planned to make the customer's index for `addorder` optional when a particular customer's order list is already displayed.
    - **Rationale:** Requiring the user to remember the customer's index seems unnecessary.

2. **Allows detection of wrong prefix for commands**
    - **Problem:** Currently, we only detect the relevant prefix for each command and treat every other prefix as part of the input.
    - **Example:** User tries to edit an existing order using `edito 1 d/01-12-2023 n/item`. An error message informs user that date is wrong.

>     - **Solution:** Add the functionality to detect such errors and inform the user of the wrong prefix used instead of treating it as part of the parameters.

Reviewer 2: Can add what was suggested regarding a few exceptions for parameters such as item name?
e.g. in cases where they want to add `n/` into an item name.

Author: done.

>     - **Solution:** Add the functionality to detect such errors and inform the user of the wrong prefix used instead of treating it as part of the parameters while allowing users to key in prefix such as `n/` or `a/` via the use of special symbols such as `\`.

Author: changed

Author: Please help see.

Reviewer 2: LGTM
